hey guys it's Steve at hot rod city the
mayor of hot rod city here in Las Vegas
hot rod City Las Vegas calm we get
another cool 60s hot rod car in original
and let me show it to you I'm going to
kind go fast here because I want you to
see the motor purrs it's gonna 327 300
horsepower 50 little chain here so you
can lock the hood down
feels any fire clap your car let me go
ahead and shut this and here we go
everybody knows that front end that's a
66 Chevy Impala good we're actually
making a video right now so but you're
now you're going back to the video it's
a 66 Chevy Impala station wagon and
we're going to go inside here and it's a
family hot rod
there's the milf over there at Kimber
the elf and how do you like the
air-conditioning Kimber yeah I couldn't
believe this on it I see
of all my old cars I finally got one
with air conditioning yeah that's a leo
my son Leo but look at the beautiful
interior it's beautiful - this is the -
protector but the dash is brand-new
underneath there the headliner is all
nice and new back here in the back seat
this is a six passenger wagon there's a
sehat rod baby right baby with us - all
the car events
again open the door beautiful interior
my brother
in the back we've got the original dog
de Chevy hubcaps and steel wheels I need
to get a mattress and a bag you can fold
this back seat down you can put a
mattress up kimber the milk why would
you want to have a mattress in the back
of our car
well I would because you're camping yeah
you can go to Dave driving duder you
want to go camping yes and ghosted it
right away drive-in theater yeah that's
a good way to go camping and there's
pista hot rod baby he thinks it's a good
idea to go camping anyhow guys I'm going
to finish this video so we can go ahead
and enjoy this Chevy station wagon it's
got a copy of adversity a radio it's
really nice and long man exhaust flow
master it's got the back tailgate
everything works
we're in mom rod City Las Vegas comm 702
three three one six four zero zero enjoy
your weekend guys come and see this card
we're going to have fun with it until
it's gone bye-bye